well howdy there internet people its
beau a gown so hopefully you can hear me
we're trying out some new stuff so
hopefully the connections a little bit
better but it may not be we're really
doing this today because yesterday
Hospital asked for something and I
thought it was gonna be a whole lot more
expensive than it was if we need to
raise some money that's actually not the
case now because of the the previous
donations on other livestreams they
wound up covering what it was going to
cost so again at this point we're we're
we're building stuff up so we don't have
to hold a livestream at last minute to
raise the money when somebody needs
something well hello everybody starting
to come in I killed my other stuff here
so hopefully everything's working New
Orleans Buffalo what did you miss
nothing yet Germany nice
so I learned last time it's easier to
catch up keep up with all the messages
via my phone so it's been a wild week
just released a video if you haven't
watched it yet in regards to the
journalists and the way they've been
treated over the last week or so and
that we maybe we Saudi Arabia wow that's
cool we make we may be missing the most
important piece of that so please watch
it my audio is quiet thank you let's try
this hopefully this is better sound is
really low but the videos good so the
exact opposite of before wonderful okay
I'll just try to talk louder I guess
Thank You Carrie Fox alright let's see
I'm gonna try to adjust something really
quick so we'll see if that helps at all
hopefully I'm louder if not I'll just
have to talk louder or yell okay audio
is fine the video is dark everything's
just messed up
thank you ready man thank you dim
Studios how can I help my local
protesters defensively bail funds
because they're gonna need them and
again I'm assuming that that that
question implies that you don't actually
want to get out there with them or you
can't for whatever reason Thank You
Stephanie Willer and I will come back to
that question
the bail funds are good just being out
there with cameras not looking like a
protester can help it's it's hard
because if you
gonna physically go out there thank you
necks up the if you're gonna physically
go out there you're probably gonna end
up involved it's hard not to thank you
Brian
so that's I would contribute to bail
funds and push in that manner do the
calls the tweets that they're probably
asking for they normally need social
media support so you know you can help
out that way and yes please remember we
still have a pandemic going on wearing a
mask is not just a matter of you know no
face no case you also need to protect
yourself so wearing a 95 if you've got
one Thank You Nicki I think that's it
Nicki and Thank You mal good to see you
in better spirits today I am thank you
Joe Jacobs okay Stephanie wheeler has a
question have you been able to confirm
that undercover cops are instigating
vandalism I have not but I haven't
looked I know this sounds weird I don't
care if that's true or not I am of the
opinion that the only reason there was
action taken is because things got out
of hand
Thank You Gregory Brown I think that
that had a lot to do with it I think the
fact that things did get a little wild
thank you proud communists it is part of
the reason that we got action so if if
they're instigating it okay I know that
sounds weird but from from a larger
picture strategic view that if they
instigated it they might have helped
because now there is no denying that
this is a nationwide issue this is an
issue that needs to be addressed and
it's impacting the people who say it
would never happen here so if this was a
law enforcement
to discredit that movement well they
miss played that one you know so I don't
I don't really care going through some
of the other questions if I can
Thank You Gregory Brown African
Americans are fed up we are tired of it
yeah and you got every right to be
thank you a new breed and Samantha
Norton no questions and all right well
thank you all right yeah there were a
couple I was actually talking about this
with another journalist there were a
couple of them that they had my gear
like they had my kit
and I'm looking at them I'm like that's
not I mean I have it but that's not
normal protests you know that was high
speed stuff so either it's an X vet
which can often be mistaken for a cop or
it could be something else
Thank You Anthony D'Angelo what do you
think auntie this role has been during
the protests auntie was a very loose net
decentralized group I am certain that
there are some people who are there that
also belong to an Tifa groups I don't
know that they are showing up as antifa
for this event there's a lot of
confusion about what that term means
there are a lot of times they have the
idea that the black outfits you know
that that's a tactic called black
blocking it's not really a group it's
more of a tactic that does get employed
buying a tithi at times at some point
those things became synonymous and they
I don't really think they should be if
if they are showing up
they are probably doing what they
normally do which
is drawing law enforcement off of those
who want to remain peaceful and I know
that sounds weird but the methodology
behind it is that if you can instigate
something somewhere else the cops will
come to you and they won't target those
who are trying to do something peaceful
that that's a big part of the strategy
and then some are probably out there
just throwing themselves into the
grinder the the the thing about groups
like that is that they are very
decentralized so you have you can have
some groups that are fantastic that they
are there to defend they are there to
protect they are there to act as a
buffer there to there to do nothing but
wonderful things and then two towns over
or maybe even in the same town you have
a group of people who are just using it
to fill militant and how people feel
about either of those that's that's
that's up to them that's a personal
decision
because most anti-fascist groups are
willing to use violence so that's
something you have to make a decision
about on your own sillies good thank you
Lisa bearclaw
thank you I saw your tweet earlier you
needed some help love what you do from
Toronto Canada thank you thank you Kevin
Sager didn't COINTELPRO who sent in
agitation yeah what gets termed
COINTELPRO today yeah now that that's a
semantic thing that does not matter to
your actual point but I'm gonna say it
anyway so that's counterintelligence
program there were a whole bunch of them
it wasn't just one thing that everything
gets labeled under as it is today it
doesn't matter the answer to your
question is yeah they did and they still
do it it's something that definitely
occurs we can prove it happens in other
trees in other states I find it very
unlikely that the United States
abandoned the practice so yeah I mean
they definitely did Thank You Randy man
can you elaborate on the cops mindset
for arresting the CNN crew by
understanding and I'm not joking they
were quote just following orders my
understanding is that that phrase was
actually said which is horrifying so I
don't know why they would why they would
go after journalists especially those
that were out of the area were very
clearly doing what they were what they
were supposed to be doing were
completely compliant it was it's
infuriating on a professional level but
at the same time the bigger issue is not
the journalists are being harassed the
bigger issue is that law enforcement in
the middle of giant a giant issues with
their use of force is misusing force
again thank you I got nothing I was out
last night and it was mostly kids who
had no idea what they were doing how do
we let people learn the lessons of our
generation time there's always going to
be the young upstarts that that cause
issues it is what it is they'll figure
it out they will it's it's a process
Thank You Monica
hi from New Mexico last time I said
government we're reopening and the only
state meeting the CDC wants to do so
yeah I'm a little I'm getting a little
worried about what's happening here in
Florida to be completely honest Thank
You Heather Rosie is Rosie our flier can
i address the book
yeah I'll come back to that because
that's gonna take a minute have you seen
the child soldiers video coming up
Atlanta
yeah that more than likely is a
organized right-wing militia group who
brought their kids I don't I don't think
that that's a government entity maybe
it's a police Explorer footage from
something else but my guess is that it's
a it's a right-wing militia group Thank
You Robin does everything what is your
message to those who would literally
sawed off their own legs to get back to
work because their identity I wouldn't I
wouldn't I would not define yourself by
your profession and right now we got a
lot going on it's gonna take time do I
think Trump will leave the White House
peacefully if he loses in the upcoming
election thank you John yeah I do
Thank You Kim beam px riot let's see
what's going on around the country are
not protesting a riots period what
called yeah you want to call them rights
instead of protest that's that's fine
it's a riot in protest of unlawful use
of force Thank You Samantha Fox Falk is
it safe to go protest if I already have
a pending court case going I don't know
it depends on how well you can control
yourself the problem with it isn't
normally what other people are going to
do it's using something and you getting
mad and you overreacting
so that would that depends a whole lot
on you I don't know that I'd give advice
on that one
thank you Tony T I don't understand why
the police use protests aren't more
violent than anti-mask protests which
had guns where there are riots both
cases and it's just
a difference of how the media treats it
there is definitely more anger
frustration property damage etc going on
with the with the police abuse protests
I don't think that's media manipulation
there is objectively thank you Michael
am i following orders is never an
acceptable excuse fact rs thank you 90
our Navy veteran losing faith in what my
service was for I can definitely relate
to that Thank You Perry Reid Thank You
Patrick oil thank you Dave Rawlins thank
you stinky juju haven't seen you in a
while
Thank You bose-einstein should the cop
who would take first-degree murder
instead of three I'm I think at least
second with what's currently available I
think that there is probable motive for
first it hasn't been disclosed yet but I
believe that it exists I think they they
filed charges too soon I do not believe
those are the correct charges okay so
somebody asked me to address the
boogaloo the Boogaloo is a term it's
been around the idea of this has been
around for a really long time the idea
is to strike back against the government
through armed force normally these are
people who are not always the best
trained but then they have this core
cadre of people who are so while it's
funny and the memes are funny and and
90% of the people who are talking about
it are not threats these are probably
not people you should mess with because
one out of ten is I I think that most of
them have a misunderstanding of what it
would really be like to go toe-to-toe
with the US government so I would I
would be careful around those
how about that for a number of reasons
thank you Peter
thank you Mark Davis thank you Paul
ginardi okay there they are tactical
that's right a large large portion of
them
forgive my forgive me for my ignorance
but what does of the fifth column mean
the fifth columnist news outlet it got
its name because of an old story about a
general which surrounded the city said
he had four columns one from each
direction and a fifth inside the idea of
the news outlet is to open the gates of
the media make it more accessible to the
average person so that's where the name
came from then there's also most dailies
in the US had four columns the fifth
column was the stuff you didn't get to
read that there were a whole bunch of
reasons for it but the main one is that
story thank you diabla Thank You Vicki P
I just forgot I was actually gonna do a
sound check with those numbers when I
started this thank you odd soul from
Norway Thank You Mona Perry and Thank
You Toni oh why did everyone want a
revolution but now when it's at our
doorstep people are sad about Target and
I got no idea you got these people
claiming it's time to go to like true
Civil War two weeks ago the target got
hit and mandate they lost their nerve
pretty quick I have a lot of questions
now about how the right-wing views this
going if there ever was a civil war in
the United States like did they think
it's just going to be people out fields
or generally impact civilian
infrastructure and civilians a whole lot
more
then it hit
tax militaries I think that they may be
waking up to their delusions
thank you Michael Folger they're saying
George Floyd died from a heart attack
heart attacks can be indeed yeah I got a
whole bunch of issues with that and I
tried to frame it I tried to do the
video on it last night and when I
recorded it after re-watching it I
realized I couldn't release it I would
suggest that if the situation was a law
enforcement officer who had been choked
was by somebody that their pre-existing
conditions would not factor into the
charge I I have a lot of issues with
with that statement Thank You bloodroot
Joe in a box thank you I keep hearing
the right thing they're fighting a civil
war in the United States is there a
civil war or are you moving in that
direction there is not currently as a
civil war there's a cultural war that
that pops up every once in a while I do
not believe that we're headed for one
because I think the first time there's a
real engagement people are gonna realize
they don't want that we saw it we're
just talking about it we saw it when all
of these people who were very militant
about masks
two weeks ago freaked out when a target
burned and I I think that might be the
reality check some people need because
that's just commonplace and war so if
people are freaking out over the riots
they are probably not going to be able
to handle and it's urgent
thank you say Samantha Norton how long
do you think these protests and
demonstrations will continue as long as
they have to it's a cycle they will they
may peter out right now but they will
come back this is the same cycle that
existed when Ferguson was going on it's
it's the same thing it just cooled off
for a little bit stuff like this will
happen until the the complaints are
addressed because they're valid
complaints if they weren't
complaints there would there wouldn't be
a cycle they would there wouldn't be
staying power the movement but they are
and it will go on as long as it has to
it will continue it could be 10 15 20
years if you're talking about just
specifically this little spurt of it I
would say at least a couple more days
thank you
Matthew Vinci Vincey Thank You mal
bishop not saying that a formal
education is everything most people who
want to learn do just fine on their own
but do you think a BA in social sciences
would be a requirement to enter law
enforcement I wouldn't hurt right now I
think what is most important is more
training on psychology and empathy and
more training on their their their
weapons honestly I think a lot of them
don't understand how effective their
non-lethal stuff is there's a I could
make a list to be honest there there is
a need for so much reform in law
enforcement that it's ridiculous I mean
that could be a three-hour video but
it's something I will certainly get
around to maybe doing it in segments
thank you drama mama it is my opinion
that we need to stop condemning the
destruction of property and looting
you're allowed to be mad but you're only
allowed be mad peacefully make those
that's check my Twitter that's that's my
personal Twitter I'm a little more free
on that I die I understand where the
anger comes from and I will not condemn
it I
I am very I am pleasantly surprised that
there has not been loss of life and I
think that's wonderful and I think that
should be kept up and I should say I
should say there hasn't been widespread
which there could have been a riot is
the language of the unheard it is what
it is it's going to happen until the the
causes are addressed so I suggest we get
to work on that thank you John
Didier died here if he were the governor
of Minnesota
how would you calm down the situation
arrests would have been my first step
like you know when it happened because
if you're only gonna charge him with
what they got charged with there was
evidence on that of that the first day
they could have stopped all of this
before it started I would be releasing
everything to my knowledge they still
haven't released the body cams
I had a check today but that's still not
out that needs to be out their personnel
records needs to be out of everybody not
just the one they're scapegoating
everybody was involved in that if those
were civilians and four people held
somebody down they would all go they
would all get arrested thank you count
I know these protests are widespread but
do you have thoughts on the escalation
in Milwaukee I've been trying to keep up
with them I've been dealing mostly with
Atlanta I'm not even sure what the
escalation is to be honest but they are
all over the place so it is it's very
hard to keep track would you compare
what's going on now to the Boston Tea
Party yes absolutely I have on Twitter
repeatedly I it is property destruction
to prove a point is it unlawful yes is
it illegal yes is it immoral that
depends on whose side you're on
I personally do not think that people
should be want Lee murdered in the
street so it is what it is it is
unfortunate that it is happening but I I
can't I can't really bring myself to
condemn it I understand where the anger
from thank you black Frost Oh have you
listened to Robert Evans podcast called
it could happen here I haven't I haven't
I want to it's on my list but y'all keep
adding stuff to it thank you
cannon Larsa how do you stay away from a
gut reaction to turn to violence fueled
by rage it's hard right now it is very
hard to be completely honest I ten years
ago I wouldn't be this calm about it
I don't yeah there is a there are a lot
of people who are very ready but they're
trying to exercise calm how to do it you
got to figure it out on your own it's
gonna be something personal to you I got
busy doing something else that's the
whole thing with the hospital
thank you the mr. one two three just
join them sorry if I miss are you aware
of the various pollutants yeah yeah I'm
not I I don't know that I buy into the
idea that they've done most of it or
that it even matters it's that if that
was their idea if that was their tactic
they were going to move in and and
instigate everything it might have
actually hurt their cause it might have
been poor strategy on their part thank
you Joe and a box can trump call in the
military like he's starting to do yeah
it's a little bit more involved than
he's making it seem but yes I mean that
there there is precedent for him to do
that I don't think that it's the level
the DoD would would really agree with it
I imagine that his advisors if he
listens to them are telling him that's a
really really bad idea right now these
are coming in so fast
Thank You Brenda Gooch I thank you
Michael my I hope I didn't miss anybody
the mystery okay as an Army veteran I
feel for those being called up to deploy
against our against those meant to be in
service is a huge yeah I wouldn't want
to be in this situation a lot of people
are in right now because there are a
whole lot of people who agree with the
position of the protests but literally
it's it's suit up or or you know get
confined and there's probably a lot of
people who are sitting up under the hope
that this is going to end before they
could get deployed thank you the great
John if this is the end of the country
it would be a fitting end it was founded
under violent protests and ends under
violent protests things normally end the
way they began
Thank You Eddie Rowland you air sex I
don't know how you maintain your
equipment I don't know if that's a word
either but it sounds like one but
whatever it is keep doing only publicly
you should hear me yelling on the
portrait arms now what type of vetting
is in place when hiring potentially
races there's not there isn't not really
that's a major issue that needs to be
addressed
Thank You Murray true love cover deaths
inflated or underreported and how by and
by how much in my opinion I think they
are I think there's some that I think it
evens out to be honest I think the
numbers we have are pretty accurate
because there are some who are inflating
and then there's a whole budget we don't
know about so I think it probably evens
out but that's my gut that's not
anything scientific thank you Rick
Lowell man my mom lives in Florida I'm
glad you're there with her Thank You
Terry Walsh Thank You amber crystal
donor money for scrubs that's right
thank you
Patriot two five five Thank You Kurt
Schaffer I've heard George was scheduled
to testify as a witness in an upcoming
proceeding I heard a rumor about that
but I have seen zero evidence to suggest
that it's true but I did hear this a
similar rumor not that he was going to
testify but he was giving a statement
there that just you know there are a
couple of very good investigative
journalists working on that right now
so we'll find out
thank you Mark Gaughan Gogan what should
I be carrying every day other than a
steel barrel in an epochal
and I would need a whole lot of I've
done a video on EDC kits I will find it
and
it on my Twitter or but in the comment
section in the next video or something I
because I probably named it something
weird to know be impossible to find the
dank igloos weaponized Hawaiian shirts
is nothing sacred
Thank You van $1 Thank You Anthony
Childers it's nice to see something calm
from when to protest in my area I've
been peaceful and to be honest this
situation is scary to me
scary it worries me yeah Thank You G
Vincent Thank You epiphany Malloy I
gotta say beau it's been a rough week
for me my family in my community but I
really do appreciate you using your
platform to help us I don't know how to
process any of this anymore yeah it's
it's rough and this is I mean this is
why I'm here
you know I had to thank me that this is
really it's what I want to do Thank You
Josh Ferguson thoughts on building
support networks for police officers who
wish to defect
uh yeah I would highly recommend looking
at looking at looking for departments
that exist already that have already
started cleaning up and if you're
talking about major ones a good one to
look at despite what's happening right
now is Atlanta they have gone from a
horrid reputation - as far as major
cities there's a lot of reform there's a
lot of stuff happening there it's
talking about cities of that size I
think I'm I think I'm starting to lose
my connection here didn't know you
around Atlanta no I'm not actually in
the Atlanta area I am I'm in North
Florida but I have a whole lot of
contacts and friends there it's easier
for me to keep track of that one on a
deeper level Thank You Purple Haze I
think I just missed somebody my
connection is messing up again as usual
thank you Evos 469 if the military is
called up do you think that would be a
turning point for the authoritarian
supporters I think that the protest
movement has so much support right now
that you know one of the ideas one of
the theories behind terrorism the way
these little groups actually win is they
provoke a security clampdown and that
sends more people to the side of the
insurgent I think if there was a huge
security clampdown right now I think
that's exactly what would happen
strategically for the US military to
roll out it's a horrible idea
it is going to embolden the the
protester side and it doesn't matter
unless they plan on maintaining an
occupation of their own country they
can't hold it so
it is what it is Thank You Nick Arnold
the community policing is the way
forward it's the step in the right
direction
Jessica Sabo Thank You beau I think
thank you for all you do though with all
the terrible things going on in our
country you're one of the youtubers i
watch i delete or break things down to
provide hope thank you thank you thank
you holly Farrell yeah no idea how happy
it makes me
in these few dollars never so I won't I
really enjoy what I do right now and I
feel like I'm making a difference I'm
not stopping anytime soon
Thank You Annie University College e
trains cops to go home by any means
necessary Grossman Lieutenant Colonel
Grossman who is one of the minds behind
that his work is invaluable
to soldiers he has no business teaching
cops in my opinion yeah that's the
warrior cop mentality is a huge issue
and it will continue to be one thank you
see hoverboard Thank You Heather Weller
Thank You Ashley Allen Thank You Sheri
Powell Thank You Kimmy and do you think
Trump is inciting violence yes yeah I'm
gonna have to think about that I do I
think that and I think we've seeing some
of the play out right now I don't
believe that all of these cars crashing
into the protesters today and late last
night after he sent his tweet I do not
think that that's coincidental that's
again gut don't have anything to back
that up yet but I'm pretty sure that's
how that's gonna play out thank you Paul
Lussier has Trump done permanent damage
to the US is standing on the world stage
he has done a lot I don't know if it's
permanent permanence a strong word I
think it will take decades to undo some
of the damages he's done vexing cat
the interaction Act of 1807 that's
actually a really good video maybe go
through that go over that and Posse
Comitatus at the same time and all take
the picture message oh yeah I think
that's probably a good idea okay thank
you
Jani Covington Jamie Covington
thank you Michael Folger to be clear my
comment about George Foley just as
possible due to heart attack was being
culpable than buying into excuses which
Oh Oh No yeah I probably made it sound
like you believe that because when I
hear something like that that's my
response I did I've seen enough of your
your comments to know that you weren't
following Thank You Angelina Brown I'm
hoping this one gets through you must
have been one I lost what what can we do
to keep the momentum for change going
don't let it stop I'm gonna be releasing
one probably tomorrow about what to do
in these neighborhoods where a lot of
stuff has been destroyed because there's
a complaint there's an idea that oh look
they've destroyed their own thing and
it's all gonna be all bad for them yeah
we can fix that the idea here is you you
have a lot of movements coming together
right now a lot of groups that would
never work together are working together
right now
and that's the momentum that needs to
keep going and it can be done for by a
lot of organizations that don't seem
like they're on the same page to just
sit down and talk to each other for five
minutes and they're gonna realize they
are so yeah
yeah and I'm sorry if I lose your
comment they're a whole bunch of them
coming in and they come in real fast
Thank You Jerrica Jericho Thank You
arachnid
cheers from Minneapolis running cleanup
all day
great to see the full force of mutual
aid when the chips are down absolutely
community watch is forming there you go
if your community is strong enough none
of this matters Sara in thank you thank
you for making sense when I can't parse
through the madness
keep it coming I will miss me is me
thank Spode just wanted to pass this
along thank you thank you Truman
Phillips just like how at the federal
level where even the weak oversight
provided by inspector general's is being
planted with the firings oversight of
the police is very weak where da is tend
to protect the police from the strict
scrutiny yeah cuz they got to work with
them that's part of the that would be a
huge benefit if prosecutors from other
districts were responsible for reviewing
cop cases that seems like it should go
without saying but it doesn't apparently
that keeps an itch Williams thank you
John what did you think about the tea
here bus yeah that was one of the things
that like restored my hope for Humanity
if you don't know the bus drivers got
called in to take away
protesters prisoners and they just like
now we're not doing it it's great Thank
You Alastair isn't deploying the
standing military not National Guard
domestically there's a method in which
it can be done but is it's it's really
hard to get there and I would really
hope the DoD is selling them it's a
horrible idea
and it is on like a thousand levels I
think if he does it it'll be the end of
Trump like I'd heal never recover from
it politically
let's see Thank You amber I just
rewatched small dragnet well next to
current conservatives Jack Webb almost
looks like right yeah it's gotten that
far the Overton Window has shifted right
Lynn Kurtz thank you thanks for being
the voice of reason how can we help
those whose neighborhoods have been
destroyed by outside people where we're
gonna get to that where I'm gonna do a
whole video on that because there's
there's a way to make the loss benefit
the people in those communities
permanently and and I think that's what
we need to do I don't think we need to
have I don't think we need to be worried
about massive corporate companies that
are pulling out that all they were doing
was extracting wealth from the community
anyway and there's there's an easy
solution to fix that and there's going
to be a long in-depth video about it
Thank You Charles des are the police
trained to defuse situations like this
yeah they're supposed to be the
escalation training and most apartments
require it however they don't employ it
and they don't punish people when they
don't employ it therefore there's no
incentive for them to do they can go to
their gun belt and they'll be protected
and that needs to change
there's a there's a whole lot of
training that is available in many cases
for free that law enforcement does not
use that can truly alter the discussion
and how all of this works out you know
there was a company I got named Bruce
settle was his name I think it was out
at Nashville somewhere in Tennessee
company name was PPC T and they trained
law enforcement SpecOps contractor they
trained Blowout they trained just about
anybody but the courses for law
enforcement included discussions of
tactical legal and medical liability and
they showed in the case of mr. Floyd
there there are a number of ways to hold
us
on the ground even if they're not got
that pose no risk of hurting them no
risk of injuring them like that on that
level and they just get they don't get
used Thank You cat cursor cursor those
so you not only do you need
Marcedes hang on it's doing that thing
where it's coming in real quick but I
just saw something about snipers okay
thank you
Barbra Kennedy Thank You Mercedes gomez
here as thoughts on the snipers in
Houston and Dallas I do not know what
you're talking about so I guess I have
something to look into when I get off
Thank You Ashlee a--let's is it time to
arm train and prepare for Civil War as a
non-violent civilian if not what is the
next step I believe that it is always
wise to be trained and prepared I this
current situation hasn't made me say oh
you need to go do this I think you
people should do it all the time
anyway so I don't want that to sound as
if the situation has escalated this has
always been a possibility it's always
been something that people should be
ready for and if you're if you are
moving in that direction I have a video
let's talk about buying a gun out of
fear of political violence take you
step-by-step through the process of
choosing a weapon for you and getting
the training you need so you can number
one win if you ever have to use it and
number two not be a danger to anybody
else so yeah I would agree with this but
I don't I agree with the statement but I
don't think that it's it's a new
development I don't I don't think that
what has just had
and has made it time to rush out and buy
a gun or to become trained and prepared
in other ways I believe that pretty much
everybody should have first-aid training
and I'm a big advocate of training for
situations that you hope you never are
in so thank you curbside salvage thank
you for your voice of reason and your
time to building and maintaining this
community you know I hear that a lot
voice of reason I'll tell you at times
it doesn't feel like it but I don't feel
reasonable at times Thank You DIMM
studios is your idea of community
building inspired or modeled after the
Black Panthers and there is and is there
anything the writers have done right
that you've seen I think they've done a
lot of things right I think they've done
a lot of things right
and it is not I would say it's modeled
after that because I got the idea from
somewhere else but they're pretty
similar the the community organizing
that the Black Panther is engaged and is
is exemplary and and I think that I
think we could all learn a lot from them
to be completely honest Thank You Angie
sellers Thank You Riley knocks love your
work what do you think would be the most
important step in disarming Trump's
landmine diplomacy sailings a a diplomat
as Secretary of State in the next
administration that's gonna be the most
important thing not just a political
person that everybody likes a diplomat
somebody who truly understands diplomacy
and then they need to basically have a
cabinet of their own
area experts which they do state state
department is set up that way but they
need to use them and that's it's gonna
take a long time to fix it because he
has messed up some stuff big I mean
while all this is going on he pulled out
of the World Health Organization I think
he's messing up as we're talking about
and messing up the last time
Jonah box thank you what do you think of
libs not voting for Biden as protest
votes in 2020 I think everybody has to
vote their conscience I think it's
incredibly important that Trump is not
reelected I think the country needs to
see his ideas rejected at the ballot box
but I
everybody has to vote their conscience
and I don't I don't do endorsements or
tell people how to vote Debbie Thank You
Debbie Hartnett why do you think they
are waiting to arrest the other three
officers I think they used the first as
a sacrificial lamb in hopes that it
would calm everybody down doesn't seem
to have worked
Thank You Toni T if this behavior if
this cop behavior consists like this
what has prevented our civilian
responses from becoming the door I'm not
sure what that means
oh yeah don't call the cops if that's if
that's where you're going with this and
if there are situations that can be so
of all soft on the community level
without involving law enforcement that's
pretty much always better even before
this and if this question is asking are
these kind of response is going to be
more common if they don't fix things
yeah I believe they will thank you Elias
fake name
alias thank you what is your faith in
the National
securing Minneapolis given their track
record and III think their presence may
help calm things as far as them as far
as the US military being able to occupy
the United States or even large sections
of it for any period of time it can't it
can't we don't have the troop numbers I
did a whole video on this at what point
broke down the entire math of it even if
we pulled in every troop every sailor
every pilot every National Guard every
reservists we would still be short on
what is needed to maintain an occupation
of the United States Thank You Philip
did you see shelvings wife and now it's
getting a divorce
I am very skeptical of that understand
that there are lawsuits probably coming
and I think that they're protecting
assets I could be completely wrong about
that though that was just my my gut read
on it when I first saw it it's like yeah
I divorced two but thank you Mark
Gaughan Cogan the biggest issue with the
protest is that we don't have a
modern-day Martin Luther King deleted
yeah I mean some some effective
leadership would be good but it's it's
emerging you know he didn't start off as
the end-all be-all and and I would also
point out that he himself refused to
condemn riots he advocated for
nonviolent means but he would not
condemn riots without condemning the
situations that caused him there are
videos of child soldiers
I don't again I really think that that's
a right-wing paramilitary group who's
well well trained and well equipped who
brought their kids I don't think that
those are I don't think that that's
that's any government entity Thank You
Kirk Eric hey Justin I'm sure with all
that is going on and the intensity at
the moment probably at least of your
concern what idea of yours okay so yeah
we had
the two are going on this summer that's
definitely been put on hold
it's not canceled we still want to do it
we've been trying to figure out ways to
do it maybe throughout the year or once
everything gets back to normal
rather than just doing it all in the
summer maybe I travel somewhere for a
day and then come back instead of going
on tour we don't know yet but it's it's
definitely going to happen we're
definitely going to be heading in that
direction I will be around the country
hopefully this year
thank you Sam see should we reinstate a
demilitarized beep-beep police watch and
interfere with police interaction and
risk possible charges
no not phrasing it like that I think
that a police watch is a good idea but I
would never say that this is what you
want to do you just want to observe and
record thank you Michael
passing out Thank You Patricia cirno is
our one good trap just threaten DC
protesters with vicious dogs and Secret
Service but calling yeah I'm sure
they're fine people on both sides he is
what he is I don't expect much from him
and he constantly lets me down
so thank you drama mama Kimberly q what
ways to make elyes redundant in our
communities if it is nonviolent if it is
something that can be done restitution
based it can be done without law
enforcement a lot of stuff that we want
cops to do can be done without them you
know as far as domestic violence
situations cops aren't really that
effective at dealing with those there
are private groups that do much better
as far as getting the person out getting
them safe all of that stuff and I think
that's what we need to focus on is it's
not going to you're not I don't think
that we're going to be able to create a
redundant system
entirely for law enforcement but more
each aspect of what they do can be
replaced by somebody who's specializing
in that so you have people who deal with
drug addiction you have people who deal
with domestic violence you there there's
a way to get to the root cause without
using the violence that's inherent in
law enforcement Thank You Liz Peterson
I'm late to the party but if you haven't
talked about agent propagator
yeah I've talked about a little bit but
quick recap
I don't I don't know I have some
questions because some of them had some
really high end gear that is not typical
of your average street protester
at the same time I don't think they hurt
anything I don't think they hurt the
movement I think that that may have been
the intention but it didn't work that
way yeah thank you Eric Moyer voices of
reason and empathy are in short supply
thank you for what you're doing
Thank You Joanna box thank you
if African Americans started protesting
armed to the teeth like those extremist
right-wing in did Michigan don't you
think GOP would start going for gun
control maybe that would I would I would
love to see that that play out to be
honest because I mean that's that mean
you know with the two red buttons you
know because they're gonna have to pick
one do you want to be racist or do you
want to support Second Amendment Thank
You Chuckster
hi bo just got here have you talked
about the reports of a propagator
turning yeah yeah I have the I don't I I
don't have a hard opinion on whether it
was or whether it was not the person had
some high end gear there are a couple of
them in various foot various pieces of
footage that had high end gear that you
would not expect to find on a normal
Street protestor however at the same
time I have it and I had been at these
protests
and I also don't think that it harmed
the movement I think that I think the
reason that action was taken and charges
were brought is because it got out of
hand so if it was their attempt to
discredit the movement had backfired
thank you Joe I live in New York City
commuter town I'm Filipino but I'm awful
often profiled as Hispanic I'm afraid to
walk out without a mask with protests in
New York City and the president tweeting
you live we shoot I'm afraid to wear one
what should I do
I do not know your exact community I
don't I would wear a mask if it was me
but I don't look like you that's a whole
different that's I would definitely be
more alert but I would still wear a mask
but I think you understand that the
threat that you're facing so but I would
be more much more alert than you
normally are Thank You More deal the
faithful Thank You Catherine at h2o
please check out the video on
Chongqing's Instagram posted about one
hour ago Thank You Shanna night Lily is
now burning after a day a peaceful
protests what should those at home
prepare to do thanks you make me proud
to be from the south
riots tend to be really localized so
unless you're in an affected area stay
home unless you're wanting to go out and
protest the if you're there is no way to
prepare for a riot if you're caught in
it it is what it is you got to write it
out and it's not pleasant I've been in a
few who they are unique but generally
speaking you know the we always
reference the LA riots
and those who weren't active in it see
see the events of the civilians getting
hit to people who weren't involved
people just going about their day to
work
stuff like that and they became a victim
that doesn't happen very often I I can
say it doesn't because it is a real
possibility but it doesn't happen often
so again I would be more alert and if
you can stay stay at home stay out of
the way
I'm certain that I have missed some of
these if I have to do me a favor and
repost your question if I have not
answered your question by now assume I
have missed it so thank you Chuckster I
think it was more of a reason for the
for the tease violence against
protesters yeah but that didn't work out
very well I mean it didn't work out very
well
are we free or not it's up to you it's
up to all of us like I know it's down
but like canary yellow or pink hate what
that probably isn't for me
unless you're talking about the mask the
pink filters are there those are pretty
common mostly made by a company called
Honeywell let's see the match was lit
have you seen the new video they were
beating George Floyd in the back of the
car
yeah that's if he was in the car and
they pulled him out that's another thing
showing intent if the objective is to
restrain and get to the station and get
him to jail and he's already in the car
and you take him out again there's a
there there's an element there that
needs to be investigated so we took a
knee they call this SOPs what
you think about us now if anybody wants
to answer that feel free I didn't ever
have a problem with people taking Annie
and I don't think I've done some videos
on that definitely go back and take a
look do you think anyone shouldn't
participate in these protests I think
something like this that has a
propensity to spiral out of control and
involve violence I think everybody has
to determine their own level of
involvement I don't feel comfortable
giving advice like that because there
are people who maybe shouldn't there are
people who maybe shouldn't get in over
their head there may be young people who
are a little more impressionable I don't
want to say go do it but I will say that
if you feel moved - I would not I
wouldn't condemn you I think you dim
Studios gonna go join the protests with
my in 99 and some cases of water thanks
for telling me I can help if racism fqo
but nice can someone send a message to
both telling him that the journalist
that was shot with rubber bullets in
Minnesota has been blinded in her left
eye with messed up as this question is
which one that's yeah I've been hit with
a rubber bullet before and I would not
want one in my face much less near my
eye that's all bad okay thank you Andy
Wilson beau the Floyd in children
working security do you have any
concerns that oh yes absolutely I think
that I when I released that video and
got a lot of pushback on it that's what
I was saying I I think that it's worse
than just a simple racist cop I think
that there there are other reasons that
this occurred that need to be
investigated
Thank You Kimmy and I had kidney disease
and I'm stuck at home for a long time
how can I have the protesters they're
probably depending on where you're at
they probably are asking for call floods
they're probably asking for email floods
for tweets you can monitor live streams
and tweet out information about what you
see that can be invaluable to people on
the ground there there's a whole bunch
of stuff that you can do you just have
to stop for a second and think what your
resources are and how you can apply
those resources to help those on the
ground bail funds because there's
they're gonna need them they're gonna
need they keyed you to Townsend I need
to fact check but I just read an article
suggesting Minnesota officials believe
white nationalists are using the
protests and riots as cover to spark a
race war is this a likely possibility
it's a possibility they would try I
don't think that it's going to be
successful but the there are a lot of
white nationalist movements that are
very advanced and that is a tactic that
it gets used by other organizations they
would have just adapted it to their own
I don't I don't know that it's happening
but it wouldn't surprise me if it was
but I also think it would be ineffective
in this case because there is widespread
support from from people who look like
me for Floyd so I don't think that it
would be effective thank to you Richard
Johansson or Johansson judging by the
currency did the four cops think they
would get away with this yes they saw
they were filmed and must have known it
would look bad yeah I definitely think
they thought they would get away with it
and yeah because there's a long history
of them getting away with it in the
United States so I can't even blame them
for thinking that because his story they
they're they may still be right
thank you dude man
as if he heard about the protests in
Fargo about 3,000 showed it was intense
right gear cops are intimidating I've
never seen meds
in North Dakota before people are waking
up everywhere yeah Omaha did they were
everywhere there there's there's I think
there's one going on over in Escambia
County down here which that's surprising
so yeah there there's a lot of
widespread support from areas that you
wouldn't expect it to be coming from and
since I'm I got to wrap up here cuz I
gotta go but I do want to go ahead and
give a shout-out to trade Crowder his
most recent video on it I strongly
suggest everybody watch it if you have a
problem with profanity just brace
yourself but yeah it's it is fantastic
and it does show that even the South is
looking at this like you have lost your
minds
Thank You Tamara Gaynor just want to say
thank you for being you
well thank you okay so I'm gonna wrap up
I got I've got some stuff I'd have to do
and I've got a couple videos to film now
but you guys stay safe if you're if
you're going to go out and protest keep
your cool make sure that you you are
making decisions so that you are
comfortable with don't get in over your
head and don't be provoked to anger no
matter what you do make sure it is
deliberate you want to respond to things
not react oh thank you Tamra Bledsoe I
feel like serial killers could hide in
police yeah and I could call it yeah
absolutely
Thank You bose-einstein based on the ten
signs of narcissism and the sociopathic
articles trumpet Republicans mostly
liberals check all what social remedy
can change them to become at least a bit
empathetic now we have to change who we
send we're not going to change the
people to get there
Thank You Celebi thank you Joe a lot of
younger people want to get involved but
can't participate in Protex protests
what tactics would you recommend instead
hop google how to help how to help the
movement whatever terminology you want
to use there via social media there's a
whole lot that can be done without ever
leaving your home
thank you Jim kids and thank you in s
tonight is whisky and movie night I'll
watch this later you just wanted to drop
in and give you a bit of love because
you have no idea what you've got a few
other choice bread tubers Thank You
Robin does everything thank you love
your physical security expertise feds
the few of them how would one get that
experience in some sort of professional
search placement
who needs that most right now for the
physical security stuff honestly there's
get a locksmith license and then call
any of the big companies that
manufacture cameras and stuff like that
and tell them you want to do it a lot of
them because they assume you're going to
sell their products for them we'll pay
for you to go but they will they will
they will provide training for you and
how to install the stuff everything
that's actually really cheap and some of
them I even think that Brinks will pay
for you to sit in the class so that's
not actually a hard field to get into
you just have to think about what
profits the the the big companies
exploit that and then take that
knowledge and go consult Thank You
Donald Ryan Black Panther scared Reagan
into gun control
yes they did but okay so yeah y'all have
a good night you know and I will catch
back up with y'all later
stay safe